Update Box Connector with technical changes (#338)
mulesoft/docs-connectors: modules/ROOT/pages/box/box-connector-OLD.adoc

> = Box Connector

Reviewer: Can this topic-set title be made more specific? What *about* Box Connector? Is this an overview? does it tell the advantages of Box Connector, or what it is used to achieve? Anything else?

Reviewer: Also, rework the topic-set introduction so that it...:

     Addresses the audience as "you"
     Tells exactly WHY "you" wants or needs this information, to achieve what user goal
     Mention some, if not all, of the topics represented by the next-level subtopics: prereqs., what's new, supported operations, connecting, configuring, use cases, and related info.

I know connector doc has followed one format for a long time. I will suggest to the team over Slack that the introductions be made more robust by summarizing topic set content in this way.

ifndef::env-site,env-github[]
include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]

> _Select_

Reviewer: I don't understand what this is.

> Box is an online file sharing and content management service for businesses.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Box is an online service that enables your business to share files and manage content. Anypoint Connector for Box (Box Connector) is a RAML-based connector that synchronizes this data and automates processes between Box and your CRM, CMS, mobile, and social applications.
```

> The Anypoint Connector for Box is a RAML based connector that provides synchronization of data and automation of processes between Box

Reviewer: Omit in favor of combining and condensing, adding "you" to the goals of using Box and the connector.

> and third party CRM, CMS, mobile, and social applications.

Reviewer: ditto

== Prerequisites

> This document assumes that you are familiar with Box 2.0 API, Mule, Anypoint Connectors, Anypoint Studio, Mule concepts, elements in a Mule flow, and Global Elements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use this connector, you must be familiar with the Box 2.0 API, Mule runtime engine, Anypoint Connectors, Anypoint Studio, and Mule concepts, including flow elements and global elements.
```

Reviewer: GLOBALLY standardize between Global Element and global element. 
I performed an Internet search, but I see both versions used.
If you can use "a" or "the" before it, then it should be lowercased.
It does not seem to me to be a real proper noun (proprietary name).
If lowercase, init. cap. only if quoting a UI label that is init. capped.

> To use this connector you need the following:

Reviewer: "You must also have:"

Reviewer: No periods at the end of the two list items that follow

* A developer account or other valid Box instance.
* MuleSoft Enterprise License.

For hardware and software requirements and compatibility information, see the Connector Release Notes.

> == What's New in this Connector

Reviewer: Capitalize "This" in titles.

> This version of the connector drops support for Mule 3.x and adds support for Mule 4.x.

Reviewer: Consider "removes" instead of "drops," just for the purposes of Global English.

> This is a RAML based connector and only uses REST calls to interact with Box 2.0 API and only supports a subset of services available in it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Because this is a RAML-based connector, it uses only REST calls to interact with Box 2.0 API and supports only a subset of services available in the API.
```

== Supported Operations

> The given below is a list of supported operations grouped under a category that the Box connector supports.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following table presents supported operations grouped by categories that Box Connector supports:
```

[%header%autowidth.spread]
|===
|Category |Supported Operations

> | Collaborations a| * Create Collaboration

Reviewer: GLOBALLY change the table-cell entries for the Supported Operations column to use sentence-style capitalization:

     Create collaboration
     Delete collaboration
     Get collaboration
     Get pending collaborations....

...unless these are legitimate proper nouns.

             * Delete Folder
             * Get Folder
             * Get Folder Collaborations
             * Get Folder Items
             * Update Folder

| Groups A| * Create Group
            * Create Group Membership
            * Delete Group
            * Delete Group Membership
            * Get Enterprise Groups
            * Get Group
            * Get Group Membership
            * Get Group Memberships
            * Get User Group Membership
            * Update Group Membership

| Search a| * Search

| Tasks a| * Create Task
           * Create Task Assignment
           * Delete Task
           * Delete Task Assignment
           * Get Task
           * Get Task Assignment
           * Get Task Assignments
           * Update Task
           * Update Task Assignment

| Trash A| * Delete Trashed File
           * Delete Trashed Folder
           * Get Trashed File
           * Get Trashed Folder
           * Get Trashed Items
           * Restore Trashed File
           * Restore Trashed Folder

| Users a| * Create User
           * Delete User
           * Get Enterprise Users
           * Get User
           * Update User
           * Update User Folder

|===

> == To Connect in Design Center

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Connect in Design Center
```

Reviewer: Should we begin with some text here that tells the audience that it can connect either in DC or in Studio, and why it might choose one over the other?
This could actually serve as a transition between the title and the first step: 

"You can connect either in Anypoint Design Center (Design Center) or in Anypoint Studio. Connect in Design Center when...."

...and then have a similar intro to the Studio text.

> . In Design Center, click a trigger such as HTTP Listener or Scheduler.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. In Design Center, click a trigger such as *HTTP Listener* or *Scheduler*.
```

> . Click the Plus symbol which is right after Reusable Configurations link. And to use Box connector global element, select `mule-box-connector` from the Reusable Configurations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Click the + symbol to the right of the Reusable Configurations link. 
. To use the Box Connector global element, select *mule-box-connector* from Reusable Configurations.
```
The original sounds like two steps, but since I cannot view the screen capture, I have guessed here.
When does the user click the link...or does clicking + open the link, and then the user selects mule-box-connector? Clarify.

+
image::box/box-reusable-config.png[Configuration selector]
+

> . Click Create Configuration in the above screen.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Click *Create Configuration*.
```
Be sure to format all UI labels of items that the user clicks or selects in boldface.

> +

Reviewer: I suggest omitting all of the following text, up to the next step in the task.
If the user is performing this task, then that person SEES all of this onscreen.
The properties are named intuitively, so there is really no reason to define them.
You can still include the screen captures that show what happens after the previous step, if you want to, but my feeling is that this is all pretty obvious.
I would "locate" the user at the beginning of the next step; see below.

+
image::box/box-config1.png[Basic Config 1]
+
image::box/box-config2.png[Basic Config 2]
+
image::box/box-config3.png[Basic Config 3]
+
** Configuration Name: The configuration name for the Box connector global element.
** Host: The host where Box exposes its API.
** Port: The port at which Box services listen for incoming requests.
** Base Path: The base path of the Box services' base URI.
** Protocol: The protocol which Box services follow.
** Client Id: The client identifier as assigned by the authorization server when the client application was registered.
** Client Secret: The client application's client secret.
** Local Callback Path: The local callback path.
** Local Callback Config: The HTTP Listener configuration that is used to configure the local authorization URL.
** External Callback Url: The redirect URL that is configured in the client application.
** Local Authorization Url: Local authorization URL that is used to initiate an OAuth2 dance.
** Authorization Url: The authorization URL to request for an authorization code.
** Access Token Url: The access token URL to request for an access token.
+

> . Select the plus sign in the flow to add a component.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. In the resulting configuration screen for OAUTH 2.0 with Authorization Code grant type, click + in the flow to add a component.
```

Reviewer: Are the previous and the following steps repeats of Step 2 earlier? Is this intentional?

Reviewer: Also, please verify the UI label of the configuration screen: is it really everything from OAUTH to "grant type"?

> . Select `mule-box-connector` from the list of components to get the Box connector.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Select *`mule-box-connector`* from the list of components.
```

+
image::box/box-select.png[Connector select]
+

> . Pick an operation. For example, Get Folder.

Reviewer: What does this mean, "pick"? Is the user making a decision or actually clicking something?

Do we mean "Select an operation: for example, **Get Folder**."

+

> . Select the `box-connector-config` configuration that had been created previously. And configure the fields:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Select your *box-connector-config*.
. Optionally, use a comma-separated list to name the fields to include in the response.
. Provide an ID for the folder <from which? to which?> the information is <retrieved?><stored?>
```

Reviewer: Use one step per user action.
Clarify what those actions are.
Clarify whether the user is creating a folder in which to store data or from which to retrieve it.

+
image::box/box-get-folder-operation.png[Get folder operation configuration]
+
** Fields: The specific comma-separated list of fields to include in the response. It is optional.
** Folder Id: The ID of the folder for which the information is retrieved. It is required.

> 

Reviewer: Is there anything else that needs to be said about this task completion?

> == To Connect in Anypoint Studio 7

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Connect in Anypoint Studio 7
```

> You can use this connector in Anypoint Studio by first downloading it from Exchange and configuring it as needed.

Reviewer: What does "configure as needed" mean? Should we refer to specific steps from the previous task?

> === To Install Connector in Studio

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== Install Connector in Studio
```

. In Anypoint Studio, click the Exchange icon in the Studio taskbar.

> . Click Login in Anypoint Exchange.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Click *Login*.
```
Is "login" really capitalized in the UI?

> . Search for the Box connector and click Install.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Locate the Box Connector and click *Install*.
```
Can we clarify the search/locate: is the audience looking for an icon? a menu selection? a pane? a UI label?

> . Follow the prompts to install the connector.

Reviewer: Yay! I love this kind of step. Our users know how to use an interface. Uh. IF the interfaces is designed properly....

> When Studio has an update, a message displays in the lower right corner which you can click to install the update.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that when Studio is updated, a message displays in the lower-right corner of the display, which you must click to install the update.
```

Reviewer: How does a Studio update impact an already-installed connector? Do we need to say more here?

> === To Configure in Studio

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== Configure Connector in Studio
```

. Open your Mule project in Anypoint Studio.
. Add the connector as a dependency in the pom.xml file:
+
[source,xml,linenums]
----
<dependency>
    <groupId>com.mulesoft.connectors</groupId>
    <artifactId>mule-box-connector</artifactId>
    <version>4.0.0</version>
    <classifier>mule-plugin</classifier>
</dependency>
----

> == To Configure the Box Connector Global Element

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Configure the Box Connector Global Element
```

> To use the Box connector in a Mule application, configure a global Box configuration element that can be used by as many Box connectors as

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use Box Connector in a Mule application, configure a global Box configuration element that can be used by as many Box connectors as
```

you require for your application.

> . Click the Global Elements tab at the base of the canvas.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Click the *Global Elements* tab at the bottom of the Design Center canvas.
```

> . In the Global Configuration Elements screen, click Create.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. In the Global Configuration Elements screen, click *Create*.
```

+
image::box/box-config-global-wizard.png[Global Element Configuration Wizard]
+

> . In the Choose Global Type wizard, expand Connector Configuration and select Mule-box-connector Config and click Ok.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. In the Choose Global Type wizard, expand Connector Configuration, select *Mule-box-connector Config*, and click *Ok*.
```
Be sure that you are presenting UI labels exactly as they appear onscreen (capitals, hyphens, spelling, and so on).

> The configuration screen for OAUTH 2.0 with Authorization Code grant type appears. This is the only configuration that Box connector supports.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Configure the properties as shown:
```
Per previous comments, no need to repeat what is shown in the UI. Be sure to follow this order when using graphics (screenshots, tables, diagrams, lists, other nonnarrative elements)

1. Introduce with a sentence ending with a colon.
2. Show.
3. Explain details already shown, if necessary.

Do not present graphics first and then put all text about them after.

+
image::box/box-oauth-config.png[Global Element Properties]
+

> . Configure the properties as per the image above. Given below has the description for the properties.

Reviewer: move as suggested above

+
[%header,cols="30a,70a"]

> |===

Reviewer: Ditto previous comment about this text, which I think is unnecessary. UI labels are self-explanatory for our audience.

|Parameter|Description
|clientId|The client identifier as assigned by the authorization server when the client application was registered
|clientSecret|The client application's client secret
|host|The host where Box exposes its API
|port|The port at which Box services listen for incoming requests. Default: 443
|basePath|The base path of the Box services' base URI
|protocol|The protocol which Box services follow. Default: HTTPS
|localCallbackPath|The local callback path. Default: /callback
|localCallbackConfig|The HTTP Listener configuration that is used to configure the local authorization URL
|externalCallbackUrl|The redirect URL that is configured in the client application
|localAuthorizationUrl|Local authorization URL that is used to initiate an OAuth2 dance
|authorizationUrl|The authorization URL to request for an authorization code
|accessTokenUrl|The access token URL to request for an access token
|===
+

> In the OAUTH 2.0 configuration screen above, the placeholder values refer to a configuration file `mule-artifact.properties` placed in the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this screen, the placeholder values refer to a configuration file, `mule-artifact.properties`, placed in the
```

> `src/main/resources` folder of your project.

Reviewer: Does the user have to create this folder or is it automatically there?

+

> You can either enter your credentials into the global configuration properties, or reference a configuration file that contains these values. For simpler maintenance and better re-usability of your project, Mule recommends that you use a configuration file. Keeping these values in a separate file is useful if you need to deploy to different environments, such as production, development, and QA, where your access credentials differ.

Reviewer: This task is documenting using the configuration file instead of the global config props file, so that is all we should refer to in this topic set. 
I suggest omitting the previous paragraph in the effort to document ONE "golden path" to the result we want.

+

> . Click OK to save the global connector configurations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Click *OK*.
```
Note that a previous step shows OK as Ok. Please verify all UI labels, since I cannot view them.

== Use Case: Create Folder, Retrieve Folder, and Delete Folder

> Use case to demonstrate Create Folder, Retrieve Folder, and Delete Folder operations.

Reviewer: Replace with an introduction to the topic content and why "you" should care.

Reviewer: Be sure to locate the screen capture after the text of the step that it shows.
Do not introduce a task with a screen capture.

image::box/box-use-case-flow.png[Create Retrieve Delete Folder Flow]

. Create a new Mule Project in Anypoint Studio.

> . Add the below properties to the mule-artifact.properties file to hold your Box credentials and place it in the project's src/main/resources directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Add the following properties to `mule-artifact.properties` and place the file in the project's `src/main/resources` directory:
```

+
[source,text,linenums]
----
config.clientId=<Client ID>
config.clientSecret=<Client Secret>
----
+

> . Configure the HTTP Listener by adding a new HTTP Global Element. Click the plus sign next to the Connector configuration field.

Reviewer: Reword to put the user actions in chrono order, which I believe is...:

. Click + next to the connector configuration field to add a global element.    [[Does this have a UI label?]]
. Configure the global element as follows:

> . Configure the global element according to the table below:

Reviewer: Remove per above suggested replacement

Reviewer: GLOBALLY replace two-column item+description tables with a definition list. See style guide.

+
[%header%autowidth.spread]
|===
|Parameter|Value
|Name|HTTP_Listener_config
|Protocol| HTTP
|Host| localhost
|Port| 8081
|===
+
. Drag an HTTP Listener onto the canvas and configure the following parameters:
+
[%header%autowidth.spread]
|===
|Parameter |Value
|Display Name |HTTP Listener

> |Connector configuration | Select the HTTP Listener Configuration that had been created previously

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Connector configuration | The newly created HTTP Listener configuration
```

|Path |`/boxdemo`
|===
+

> . Now set the folder properties for the folder we are going to create using a DataWeave component. Drag the DataWeave component next to the HTTP Listener and use the script below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Drag the DataWeave component next to the HTTP Listener and configure as follows:
```

+
[source,dataweave,linenums]
----
%dw 2.0
output application/json
---
{
	parent: {
		id: 0
	},
	"type": "folder",
	name: "SampleFolder"
}
----
+

> . Drag Create folder operation of the Box connector next to the DataWeave component to create a folder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Drag the connector *Create folder* operation to the DataWeave component.
```

Reviewer: PLEASE VERIFY the accuracy of my suggested rewordings, because I am having trouble guessing what the original text really means. 
Again, focus on one user action per step.
Boldface the UI label that the user clicks or selects or drags.
Clarify the start of the action and the end of the action.

> . Configure the Box connector by adding a new Box Global Element. Click the plus sign next to the Connector configuration field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Add a Box global element by clicking the + next to the Connector configuration field.
```

> . Configure the global element according to the table below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Configure the global element as follows:
```

+
[%header%autowidth.spread]
|===
|Parameter |Value |Comments

> |clientId |${config.clientId} |The client identifier as assigned by the authorization server when the client application was registered

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|clientId |${config.clientId} |Specifies the client identifier as assigned by the authorization server when the client application was registered.
```
I am editing to make these complete sentences so that the items in this column will be parallel....

> |clientSecret |${config.clientSecret} |The client application's client secret

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|clientSecret |${config.clientSecret} |Specifies the client application's client secret.
```

|host |api.box.com |This is the default value. Leave as is.
|port |443 |This is the default value. Leave as is.
|basePath |/2.0 |This is the default value. Leave as is.
|protocol |HTTPS |This is the default value. Leave as is.
|localCallbackPath |/callback |This is the default value. Leave as is.

> |localCallbackConfig |HTTP_Listener_config |Select the HTTP Listener configuration created earlier

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|localCallbackConfig |HTTP_Listener_config |Select the newly created HTTP Listener configuration.
```

> |externalCallbackUrl |`+http://localhost:8081/callback+`  |Give the redirect URL that is configured in the client application

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|externalCallbackUrl |`+http://localhost:8081/callback+`  |Specifies the redirect URL that is configured in the client application.
```

> |localAuthorizationUrl |`+http://localhost:8081/authorize+`  |This URL needs to be hit after deploying the mule application to initiate OAUTH2 dance

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|localAuthorizationUrl |`+http://localhost:8081/authorize+`  |The URL to visit after deploying the Mule application to initiate the OAUTH2 dance.
```
Please verify the language used here. I tried to find an alternative to "hit." And is there one for "dance"?

> |authorizationUrl |`+https://account.box.com/api/oauth2/authorize+`  |The authorization URL to request for an authorization code

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|authorizationUrl |`+https://account.box.com/api/oauth2/authorize+`  |Specifies the authorization URL.
```

> |accessTokenUrl |`+https://api.box.com/oauth2/token+`  |The access token URL to request for an access token

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|accessTokenUrl |`+https://api.box.com/oauth2/token+`  |Specifies the URL for requesting for an access token.
```

|===
+

> The corresponding XML configuration should be as follows:

Reviewer: What is "the corresponding XML config"? Is this something that the user works with or is this the result of the step or is this a default or what? How does this relate to the step under which it appears?

+
[source,xml,linenums]
----
<mule-box-connector:config name="Mule_box_connector_Config"
 doc:name="Mule-box-connector Config"
 property_clientId="#{config.clientId}"
 property_clientSecret="#{config.clientSecret}"
 property_localCallbackConfig="HTTP_Listener_config"
 property_externalCallbackUrl="http://localhost:8081/callback" />
----
+

> . Back in the properties editor of the Box connector, configure the parameters required for the Create folder operation:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. In the properties editor for the connector, configure the parameters required for the Create folder operation:
```

+
[%header%autowidth.spread]

> |===

Reviewer: Make this a definition list rather than a table.

|Parameter |Value
|Display Name |Create folder
2+|Basic Settings
|Connector configuration |Select the global Box connector element that you had created.
2+|General
|Create folder request data |`#[payload]`
|===
+

> . Drag a Logger component to log the newly created folder ID and configure the following properties.

Reviewer: Drag it where?
And what is the step: logging or configuring?

+
[%header%autowidth.spread]

> |===

Reviewer: Make a definition list. 
GLOBAL for two-column tables.
I will stop marking this from here on.

|Parameter|Value

> |Display Name|Logger to log the created Folder ID

Reviewer: Specifies the logger to use to log the created folder ID.

2+|Generic

> |Message|Folder created with ID : `#[payload.id]`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Message|Specifies the folder created with ID `#[payload.id]`.
```

Reviewer: GLOBALLY make Value column texts parallel, as demonstrated above. I will stop marking this. Be sure to end sentences with periods.

|===
+

> . Drag Get folder operation of the Box connector next to the Logger component to retrieve the folder information and configure the following properties.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Drag the Get folder operation next to the Logger component to retrieve the folder information and configure the following properties:
```

+
[%header%autowidth.spread]
|===
|Parameter|Value
|Display Name|Get folder
2+|Basic Settings
|Connector configuration|Select the global Box connector element that you had created.
2+|General
|Folder id|`#[payload.id]`
|===
+

> . Drag a Logger component to log the retrieved folder information and configure the following properties

Reviewer: Drag where?
End with colon.

+
[%header%autowidth.spread]
|===
|Parameter|Value
|Display Name|Logger to log the retrieved folder info
2+|Generic
|Message|`#[payload]`
|===
+

> . Drag Delete folder operation of the Box connector to delete the folder that is just created and configure the following properties.

Reviewer: ditto prev. edits to similar steps

+
[%header%autowidth.spread]
|===
|Parameter|Value
|Display Name|Delete folder
2+|Basic Settings
|Connector configuration|Select the global Box connector element that you had created.
2+|General
|Folder id|`#[payload.id]`
|===
+

> . Finally drag the DataWeave component to set the payload to display the result of the flow to the user and use the script below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Drag the DataWeave component to set the payload to display the result of the flow to the user as follows:
```

Reviewer: Why does this Step 15 begin with "Finally" when there are 4 more steps?
This is way too many steps for one task.
If there is more than one task here, separate the topics.

+
[source,dataweave,linenums]
----
%dw 2.0
output application/json
---
{
	result : "Folder got created, retrieved and deleted successfully"
}
----
+

> . Save and run the project as a Mule Application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Save and run the project as a Mule application.
```

> . Hit the URL `+http://localhost:8081/authorize+` from a browser which you had given for `localAuthorizationUrl` in global Box configuration element to initiate OAUTH2 dance.

Reviewer: GLOBALLY reword "hit the URL"
GLOBALLY reword complicated verb tenses like "which you had given" > "that you provided" to simple present, if possible, or simple past or future, if necessary. Search and fix.

+

> This would display the following page asking the Box user to either grant or deny access to the client application to read and write all files and folders stored in Box.

Reviewer: This displays

I am beginning to feel as if this has not been read and cleaned up before sending to editing. Please be sure to do so going forward.

+
image::box/box-oauth-2-dance.png[Box OAuth 2 Dance]
+

> . Click Grant access to Box to grant the read and write permissions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Click *Grant access to Box*. 
```

. Open a web browser and access the URL `+http://localhost:8081/boxdemo+`.
+

> You should get a JSON response with the following content.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Verify task success by receiving the following message:

   `Folder created, retrieved, and deleted successfully`

You should get a JSON response with the following content.
```

Reviewer: Replace line above and below per suggested replacement.

+
Result: `"Folder created, retrieved, and deleted successfully"`

== Use Case: XML

> 

Reviewer: Provide text that introduces the following syntax example.
Provide text that explains the syntax example afterward.
Or is this syntax self-explanatory?
